Now is not the time to be impulsive
You have to calm down
Xueyao's life is in danger at any time in their hands
I can't calm down
I understand how you feel.
To save Xueyao
Shall we discuss it?
Otherwise, you can rush over like this
Not only can I not save Queyao
And risk your life
Uncle Ye, I think
Mr. Zhang doesn't want to see you lose your life in vain
Right.
High Rainforest here I come
Surname Yan
It seems that you are really in love with Zhang Xueyue.
Knowing that coming is a death
But still came
Hahaha Gao Yulin
Cut the crap
Xue Yangzi, when you see him, kneel down for me first
Gao Yulin, let Xueyao go
I'll stay here alone and accompany you slowly
It's beautiful
The surname is Yezi, can't you understand human language?
Kneel down for me
It can't be good.
Don't kneel, right?
I will ask someone to kill Jacky Cheung now
Gao Yulin, how dare you
Okay, I suddenly changed my mind.
If you come and lick my son's shoes clean
I won't kill your wife